Updated Changelog and version bump to 1.17.1 (#1720)
GregTechCE/GregTech: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog

> ### 1.17.1
> * New algorithm for Fluid Regulator Keep Exact Mode (#1717) - Exaxxion
> * Fix multi dimensions (#1713) - Synthitic
> * Add warning to controller if Turbine is obstructed (#1710) - ALongStringOfNumbers
> * Move fetching dimensions to catch late registrations (#1709) - ALongStringOfNumbers
> * Fix phosphor ore names (#1718) - Exaxxion
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1.17.1
* Added warning to controller if Turbine is obstructed (#1710) - ALongStringOfNumbers
* Updated fetching of dimensions in worldgen to catch late registrations (#1709) - ALongStringOfNumbers
* Fixed usage of multiple dimensions in worldgen definitions (#1713) - Synthitic
* Fixed Fluid Regulator: Keep Exact Mode not working as expected (#1717) - Exaxxion
* Fixed phosphor ore names (#1718) - Exaxxion

```
